{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green219\blue205;\red192\green237\blue254;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red217\green234\blue202;\red236\green186\blue254;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mover\
- Experience\
- GGHM\
- SLP\
- Yellow Brick\
Organizer\
- Artbeat\
- Body Voice\
- GGHM\
- Trajel\
Designer\
- Lucas\
- Rita\
- SLP\
Actor\
- Loup \
- Mujeres\
- Musical\
\
\
\cb2 Mover\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
in the becoming\
Being inspired by Butoh, this piece talks about how my body actively chooses, embodies, deforms, habitualizes, and takes on the pressure not from society but from my own self. Directed, choreographed, performed, and designed by me.\
\
The Creative Act: Performance, Process, Presence 
\fs26 \

\fs24 In collaboration with the Guggenheim Abu Dhabi and artist Susan Hefuna, we created a 20 minutes movement piece which explores the tension, energy, and connection that exists in between other human bodies.
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Yellow\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Theatrical adaptation by Tomi Tsunoda of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, that explores contemporary conversations around climate crisis, displacement, bureaucracy, survival, and dependency.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Organizer\
\
MUJIN-TO\
\
The Return of La Argentina\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Being inspired by the great Butoh master, Kazuo Ohno, Trajal Harrell aims to archive his masterpiece La Argentina. Assisted Trajal Harrell and Jean-Stephan for the special one-night show in Abu Dhabi.\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Creative Act: Performance, Process, Presence 
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Artist, Susan Hefuna, collaborates with NYU Abu Dhabi students to create a piece about spacial awareness. Worked with the Guggenheim Abu Dhabi team to organize and conduct the collaborative process, and worked with Susan as a performer to craft this piece together.\
\
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Body Voices\
\cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Organized a three-day conference about dance incorporating dance scholars across the Middle East and beyond. Founded a platform to support creative student initiatives.\
\
Attitude Dance Society\
Attitude is the one and only dance group in NYU Abu Dhabil, that stands for all the dancers in the community. Managed weekly classes and workshops with professional instructors and visiting artists for 270 members. Organized dance recitals where I worked on the technical aspect of the show and the incorporation of local schools and dance studios.\
\
Art Beat\
Co-founded a three days Arts Festival in The Netherlands, that explore experimental and creative initiatives lead by students from United World College Maastricht.\cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\cb5 Designer\
\
ANAEMIA\
\
65 JOULES\
\
in the becoming\cb1 \
\
\
\cb6 Actor\
\
Mujeres\
Directed by Carlos Diaz Leon from Chile, this production works with three of Federico Garc\'eda Lorca's literature to question gender, love, identity, and desire.\
\
RealAD\
A comedy musical for the incoming freshman that talks about important issues surrounding college life. Written and performed by NYU Abu Dhabi students.\
\
LOUP GAROU\
A piece incorporating several different children's games to talk about the missing and murdered Aboriginal women of Canada.\
\cb1 \
}